The two ZIP files in this directory contain the latest files that
support the arlticle document class and associated stencil.  They
comprise the principle files that are necessary to execute the format.
The subdirectories themselves contain these and other supporting files
which may be of additional use to you.

Once you have access to a LaTeX 2e installation (MikTeX works great for
Windows PCs), you will find that the stencil compiles, as is.  Now all
you have to do is replace the stencil placeholders with your
information, and start typing in your report.

The file arlticle.pdf, contained in the arlticle directory, is the
documentation on the features available for use with the ARL document
class (arlticle.cls).

The files for ARL/DAC LaTeX documentclass and stencil may be placed in
your local installation following the pattern descrived in the file
FileLocations.txt, or you may use the batch file autoload.bat (executed
from the target location, where you want the files to go).

For a comparison of how to set up a DAC profile, in preference to an ARL
profile, see the file ARLversusDAC.tex (only 2 small changes in your
input are needed).  A comparison of these profiles may be seen in the
two output files, ARL(C3).pdf and DAC(C3).pdf.

This directory is brought to you by Steven Segletes of the Impact Physics
Branch in WMRD's Protection Division.  My number is 410-278-6010, and I 
would be happy to provide whatever support I can to make your LaTeX 
venture a successful one.

*****IMPORTANT*****

The arlticle.cls ARL class file is considered limited distribution to
ARL employees and on-site ARL contractors.  If you desire to collaborate
on a LaTeX document, with an outside collaborator, which will eventually
become an ARL tech report, please contact me at
steven.b.segletes.civ@mail.mil, so that I can provide you with an
approved way to accomplish this.
